naturino an evening you're looking forward to
having watched school becomes a kind
festive evening should have been but
and that ends in a minor
yes exactly i only had one three different
suggested then how it went
like to win that
own the ninth
want to win in a row only
yes not yet there is an explanation
for that nice series of psv here
ends tonight
Certainly just sharp enough we knew
that in dangerous in which the counter and
yes this they were still so we have
just didn't do it well
yes and they closed asking why not or me
you were in such a nice shape
All went great groningen
never something the like looked at from psv you
normally read for me
no, especially at home not only for me
could not move
it just happens to you in the competition
and we just have to pass
talk and so never come true what you
also the same
relaxed satisfied and it was brutal
physical I would like that bow
made if they take that action themselves
just sand that the g-team a little too tight
for by me but not my well either
can put your foot against the ball making you
after honey that was your first action that was
almost cruy through us as everyone else was
gone
I think it is slightly better but also
out it was actually received
probably done a little better but yes
i am going i like to make it hot
then he comes ahead of me becomes more
nice for the easier
raw ham and yes it should not be
bored the evening but you're back
back what are your expectations for the
contests that now follow this
full season player and everything is possible
you well I have trained everything n-va
moment has train again from 2 weeks
I join in everything so I started getting fit
all in you notice that it is different
training and competitions
because the contempo and best drives a lot
possible and it is less check
usually the training training
controlled and we always different so
then I have to work and recreate
venia place two is now i really think so
maximum achievable yes still has to be seen
4 more matches
maybe welcome just go everything go
do everything possible if possible
a spot two in time so I'm still looking
just way too far ahead
competition aware